Add MoveIt Macau Workshop post (#340)
ros-planning/moveit.ros.org: _posts/2019-09-19-moveit-workshop-macau.md

---
author: Rob Coleman
comments: false
date: 2019-09-19
layout: post
title: MoveIt Workshop 2019 Macau
media_type: image
media_link: /assets/images/blog_posts/moveit_macau_2019/moveit-macau-2019-logo.png
description: First annual developer meeting, co-located with ROSCon
categories:
- MoveIt
- ROS
---

The first annual MoveIt Workshop 2019 Macau will be on Saturday, November 2, 2019, the day after ROSCon. Sponsored by PickNik Consulting, it is an informal day of presentations, panel discussions, and hands-on training of latest MoveIt features from some of the top thinkers in the ROS community. Some topics to be covered include:

* MoveIt 2 Progress and Direction	
* Intel's Work on MoveIt and ROS2 Grasping

> * New Inverse Kinematics Plugin API for Constraint-Based Solvers and Velocity IK	

Reviewer: I'm not going to present a ready-for-production IK API, but only some suggestions as a basis for further discussions.
```suggestion
* Discussing a new Inverse Kinematics plugin API to support constraint-based solvers and velocity IK
```

* Latest features and research in OMPL and how it relates to MoveIt	
* Discussions on what is hard for newcomers?	
* MoveIt 2 Capabilities Roadmapping	
* Panel Discussion About MoveIt Ideal User	
* Hands on with the Task Constructor	
* Lightning Round Discussions
* Industrial trajectory generation with pilz_industrial_motion	
* ROS-Industrial Manipulation Efforts

> People attending ROSCon and/or IROS Macau will want to attend this one-day event which is being held at the Sheraton Grand Macao Hotel on Saturday, November 2, 2019, from 8:30am - 5:00pm. The MoveIt Workshop 2019 is geared towards experienced and advanced users of MoveIt, but novices are welcome to attend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
People attending ROSCon and/or IROS Macau will want to attend this one-day event which is being held at the Sheraton Grand Macao Hotel on Saturday, November 2, 2019, from 8:30am - 5:00pm. The MoveIt Workshop 2019 is geared towards experienced and advanced users of MoveIt, but novices are welcome to attend as well.
```
